Adding influxDB videos for season 7 (#4457)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/resources/videos/Getting-Started-with-the-Node.js-Client-Library-in-InfluxDB.md

---
title: Getting Started with the Node.js Client Library in InfluxDB
description: >

>   If you use Node.js, then the Node.js client library allows you to interact with the InfluxDB platform quickly, using a familiar language. Here, Zoe Steinkamp discusses some of the features of the Node.js client library to help you get started building awesome applications with InfluxDB even faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you use Node.js, the Node.js client library let you interact with the InfluxDB platform quickly, using a familiar language. Here, Zoe Steinkamp discusses some of the features of the Node.js client library to help you get started building awesome applications with InfluxDB even faster.
```
